Deployment Analytics doc updates (#539)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-metrics.md

The Cloud UI exposes a suite of observability metrics that show real-time data related to the performance and health of your Deployments. These metrics are a useful reference as you troubleshoot issues and can inform how you allocate resources. They can also help you estimate the cost of your Deployments. This document explains each available metric and where to find them.

## Deployment Analytics

> Located in the Workspace view of the Astro UI, the **Analytics** page contains a suite of metrics for your Deployments. This page includes metrics that give you insight into the performance of both your data pipelines and infrastructure. Because metrics are pulled from Splunk and Thanos in real time, you can use this page to detect irregularities in your pipelines or infrastructure as they happen.

Reviewer: Maybe we may need to remove the part where the doc mentions about Splunk and Thanos, but rather let's simply say `metrics are collected in real time`. That's because the users do not really need to know from where we are collecting these metrics (and it might change in the future)

Author: You're right, maybe we shouldn't mention it directly in the overview. But I do think it might be worth providing some more technical reference for metrics in the future once we have that info- it seems like the kind of info that a more technical prospective customer would dig through our docs for.

> Located in the Workspace view of the Astro UI, the **Analytics** page contains a suite of metrics for your Deployments. This page includes metrics that give you insight into the performance of both your data pipelines and infrastructure. Because metrics are pulled from Splunk and Thanos in real time, you can use this page to detect irregularities in your pipelines or infrastructure as they happen.

Author: ```suggestion
Located in the Workspace view of the Astro UI, the **Analytics** page contains a suite of metrics for your Deployments. This page includes metrics that give you insight into the performance of both your data pipelines and infrastructure. Because metrics are collected in real time, you can use this page to detect irregularities in your pipelines or infrastructure as they happen.
```

> To view metrics for a given Deployment, click the **Analytics** button in the left-hand menu. From here, you can select a Deployment and time range to view metrics from:

Author: ```suggestion
To view metrics for a given Deployment, click the **Analytics** button in the left-hand menu. From here, you can select a Deployment and a time range for your metrics:
```

  :::caution

  The DAG runs metric does not record DAG run timeouts as failed runs. To see timed out DAG runs, you must go into the Airflow UI to check on the statuses of each DAG run there.

  :::

- **P90 Run Duration per Status**: This metric shows the 90th percentile of execution times for DAG/ task runs, plotted based on the DAG/ task run start time. In the example above, the P90 Run Duration per Status for successful DAG/ task runs at 5:00 was 34 seconds, which means that 90% of those DAG/ task runs finished in 34 seconds or less.

    This metric can both help you understand how your pipelines are performing overall, as well as identify DAG/ task runs that didn't result in a failure but still took longer to run than expected.

### Workers / Schedulers

These metrics contain information about your worker and Scheduler Pods' resource usage over time. Different worker and Scheduler Pods will appear on these charts as differently colored lines.

![Worker analytics in the Astro UI](/img/docs/analyics-workers.png)

#### Available Metrics

> - **CPU Usage Per Pod (%)**: This metric charts a worker's peak CPU usage over a given time interval. The maximum allowed CPUs per Pod as defined in **Worker Resources** appears as a dotted red line. Different worker/ Scheduler Pods will appear on this chart as differently colored lines. This metric should be at or below 50% at any given time.

Reviewer: I'm not sure whether the last sentence `should be at or below 50% at any given time` is correct. Maybe instead we should mention that if the CPU % goes over 90%, the bar color starts to turn from green to red.

Author: Took that figure from the Software version of these metrics, can definitely update

- **Memory Usage Per Pod (MB)**: This metric charts a worker's peak memory usage over a given time interval. The maximum allowed memory per Pod as defined in **Worker Resources** appears as a dotted red line. Different worker/ Scheduler Pods will appear on this chart as differently colored lines. This metric should be at or below 50% of your total allowed memory at any given time.

    :::info
    The number of Celery workers per Deployment autoscales based on a combination of worker concurrency and the number of `running` and `queued` tasks, which means that the total available CPU and memory for a single Deployment may change at any given time.
    :::

- **Network Usage Per Pod (MB)**: This metric charts each worker/ Scheduler Pod's peak network usage over time. Sudden, irregular spikes in this metric should be investigated as a possible error in your project code.

> - **Pod Count per Status**: This metric charts the number of worker/ Scheduler Pods in a given Kubernetes container state. Because Astro operates on a one-container-per-pod model, the state of the container state is also the Pod state. For more information about container states, read the [Kubernetes Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#container-states).

Author: Could definitely use some more insight on what users can understand from this metric
